when teacher assigned a project to our class in different group.I decided to make a social networking web application but my teammate wanted to make a student management system.He was trying to convince me that his project is easy to make and did not need much knoledge about that language and database.And do not want to do project suggested by me because it is little bit complex and need higher knowledge of database but I conviced him that if you want to grow your skills and uplift yourself then you should have to do such a big projects which will not only clear your all concept about this language but also will make you confident about taking such a big projects.in case you have any problem I will help you.I also took advise of other teammates.which helped my friend to to change their mind when teacher assigned a project to our class in different group.I decided to make a social networking web application but my teammate wanted to make a student management system.He was trying to convince me that his project is easy to make and did not need much knoledge about that language and database.And do not want to do project suggested by me because it is little bit complex and need higher knowledge of database but I conviced him that if you want to grow your skills and uplift yourself then you should have to do such a big projects which will not only clear your all concept about this language but also will make you confident about taking such a big projects.in case you have any problem I will help you.I also took advise of other teammates.which helped my friend to to change their mind 1.	What opportunities have you seized till yet? Explain.
2.	Can you share any moment which makes you feel proud of yourself?
    
	At the end of our second semester we got a summer training program where university have assigned 
	a projects related to different areas.I have selected Social services.where I have to 
	work in an old age home of around 25 people for 45 days.While working on this project I 
	mentally attached with them.I used to serve them food,taking care of them.Improving
	their mental health by talking and sharing thoughts I started loveing this job so I 
	continued this job for next 15 days.when my holidays were over I had to leave.At that time 
	emotions in their eyes and smiles in their faces were proud movement of my life.
	
3.	Can you share any moment which makes your family proud of you?

    I belongs to a middle class faily so.When I was in school.My school athority were used to print
    billboard of topper students.So I want to came in that toppers list so my family member can see 
    my picture and feel proud of myself.but in 10th I didn’t do that.So I studied hard in 11th and 12th
    and 12th board I got second rank in my school and also cracked Jee main so their were two picture in 
    billboard of mine so whenever my family member were see my picture they feel proud of me.
	
4.	Did you come across a stressful situation? How did you handle it?
    
	Last year when this pendamic was started I got traped in my collage hostel.my all roommated and
	friends were went to their home.I was only person in my hostel.it was very tough to live alone 
	for first 5 to 7 days.loneliness and social isolation gave bad impacted in my mental health.to overcome this
	i started learing new technology and language improved my skills which helped me to keep busy myself
	
5.	Can you share any achievement? How you achieved it?
    
	
6.	Share a situation where you show cased leadership skills?
7.	Tell me about a time when you handled a challenging situation. What was the outcome?
8.	Tell me about a time when you made a mistake and how you handled it?
9.	Tell me about a time when you made an unpopular decision that had to be executed by your team. What was the result?
10.	Tell me about a time when you were in direct conflict with a peer and how was it resolved?
11.	Talk about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.
12.	Describe a time when you struggled to build a relationship with someone important. How did you eventually overcome that?
13.	Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn’t very responsive. What did you do?
14.	We all make mistakes we wish we could take back. Tell me about a time you wish you had handled a situation differently with a friend /colleague.
15.	Give me an example of a time when you did not meet a team members’ expectation. What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the situation?
16.	Tell me about a time when you made sure a customer was pleased with your service.
17.	Tell me about a time you were under a lot of pressure. What was going on, and how did you get through it?
18.	Describe a time when your team or company was undergoing some change. How did that impact you, and how did you adapt?
19.	Give me an example of a time when you had to think on your feet in order to delicately extricate yourself from a difficult or awkward situation.
20.	Tell me about a time you had to be very strategic in order to meet all your top priorities.
21.	Describe a long-term project that you managed. How did you keep everything moving along in a timely manner?
22.	Sometimes it’s just not possible to get everything on your to-do list done. Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do?
23.	Tell me about a time you set a goal for yourself. How did you go about ensuring that you would meet your objective?
24.	Give me an example of a time you managed numerous responsibilities. How did you handle that?
25.	Give me an example of a time when you were able to successfully persuade someone to see things your way at work.
26.	Tell me about a successful presentation you gave and why you think it was a hit?
27.	Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment.
28.	Describe a time when you saw some problem and took the initiative to correct it rather than waiting for someone else to do it.
29.	Tell me about a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?
30.	Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it?
31.	Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your work. What could have been done to make it better?
32.	Give an example of an occasion when you used logic to solve a problem.
33.	Did you ever make a risky decision? Why? How did you handle it?
34.	Give an example of a goal you reached and tell me how you achieved it.
35.	Given an example of a goal you didn’t meet and how you handled it.
36.	When you worked on multiple projects, how did you prioritize?
37.	How did you handle meeting a tight deadline?
38.	Have you handled a difficult situation with a faculty / project lead / supervisor? How?
39.	Have you handled a difficult situation with a client or vendor? How?
40.	Did you ever postpone making a decision? Why?
41.	Did you ever not meet your goals? Why?
42.	Do you listen? Give an example of when you did or when you didn’t listen.
43.	Tell me about a time where you felt defeated; e.g., your project was falling apart, you were unable to meet timeline, your idea was dismissed, etc. How did you respond to the adversity?
44.	Describe a time when you were asked to perform a task or spearhead an initiative that went against your values. What did you do? What was the outcome?
45.	Think about the most exciting and energizing aspect of your current or most recent position. What did you specifically enjoy about it? Why?

46.	Think back to one of the most energy-depleting periods in your current or most recent position. What was going on? How did you respond to it? What was the outcome?
47.	Tell me about a time when you had too much to do, but not enough resources. How did you handle the pressure, overcome the deficit and/or achieve goals?
48.	Tell me about a time when you went the extra mile when it would have been just as acceptable to perform the bare minimum. Why did you exert the effort? What was the outcome?
49.	Describe a situation where you and a colleague whom you relied upon for support (e.g., to complete a project) were in conflict. How did you address the situation?
50.	Tell me about a time when you had to convince another staff member or leader, whom you had no direct authority over, to buy into a new idea or project? How did you accomplish this?
1. What do you do to verify that your work is accurate?
2. Describe a time you made an error. Why did you miss the mistake? How did you handle the situation?
3. Can you describe a time when a co-worker made a mistake and you discovered it? What did you do?
4. Can you describe a project that demonstrated your analytical skills?
5. Can you tell me about a time when you had to analyze information? Why were you analyzing the information? What was your process?  
6. Can you talk about a time when you used your analytical skills to find a problem? How did you discover the problem? What did you do after you discovered it?
7. Can you tell me about a time when you used your problem solving skills to find a solution to a problem?
8. What steps do you take before making a decision?
9. Can you talk about a time you had to make a decision with limited information? How did you determine what would be the best decision?
10. Can you tell me about a time when you had to make an immediate decision?
11. Can you tell me about a time when you felt pressure while making a decision? How did the pressure affect you?
12. What’s the most difficult decision you’ve made at work? How did you come up with your decision?
13. Can you talk about a decision you made that impacted your co-workers? How did you choose the right decision?
14. Was there a decision you made that wasn’t popular? What did you do?
15. Can you describe a decision that you regretted? Why did you regret it?
16. Can you describe a time when you were in charge of a project? What would you do differently?
17. Can you talk about a time when a project didn’t have a leader, but you took charge? Why did you take charge? What did you do?
18. Can you tell me about a time when you had a difficult group to lead? What did you do to manage them?
19. What was the toughest project you had to lead? Why was it difficult?
20. What is the most difficult part of being a leader for you? What do you do about that?
21. Can you describe something that challenged you as a leader? How did the challenge change you?
22. What was your greatest achievement as a leader? What were you most proud of?
23. Can you talk about a time when you motivated your team? How did you do it? How effective were your efforts?
24. Can you describe a time when you saw a problem at work and created a solution for it.
25. Can you tell me about a time you made a change at work?
26. Can you talk about a project that you started? What did you do? What were the results?
27. Can you tell me about a project that was implemented because of the work you did?
28. Can you tell me about a time when you were bored at work and sought for more or different work? What steps did you take?
29. Can you describe the process you use to set personal goals?
30. Can you talk about a career goal you made? Did you reach it? What obstacles did you encounter?
31. Can you tell me about a goal that you set but didn’t reach? Why didn’t you reach it? How did you feel?
32. What goals did you set for your team? How did you keep people on track to meet the goals?
33. What have you done to increase your number of customers?
34. What is your greatest accomplishment in sales? How did you achieve that?
35. Can you tell me about a time when you convinced a reluctant customer to make a purchase? How did you do it?
36. Can you talk about a time when you had to negotiate with a customer? What did you do? What was the outcome?
37. Can you describe the steps you take to develop a relationship with a customer?
38. Can you tell me about a time that you were unsure about a customer’s request? What did you do?
39. Can you talk about a time when you and a customer miscommunicated? What did you do to repair communication?
40. Can you talk about a time when you dealt with an upset or angry customer? What did you do? Is there anything you would have done differently?
41. Can you tell me about a time you convinced a customer to stay with the business? What steps did you take?
42. Can you describe a time when you went out of your way to please a customer?
43. Have you ever defended a customer? Why? How did your co-workers or boss react?
44. Was there ever a time when a co-worker’s customer was passed off to you? How did you let the customer know? How did you build relationship and trust with them?
46. Can you tell me about a time when you communicated with a person you didn’t like?
47. Can you talk about a time when your communication failed? What caused the problem? How did you handle the situation?
48. Can you describe a time when you had to work with a remote co-worker? How did you stay in touch? What difficulties did you experience?
49. Have you ever given a speech or presentation for your job? How did you prepare? How was the presentation received?
50. Can you describe a time when you had to give a presentation without preparation? What did you do?
51. Can you talk about how you’ve used your written communication skills?
52. Can you tell me about a time when you used a communication method that was outside the norm for what you were doing? What did you do? Was it effective?
53. Can you describe a time when you had a conflict with someone at work? What did you do?
54. Can you describe a time when you dealt with a co-worker you didn’t like?
55. Can you tell me how you communicate with someone who doesn’t like you?
56. Can you tell me about a time when you disagreed with a manager? What did you do?
57. How have you maintained relationships with your co-workers? What skill do you use?
58. Was there ever a time that you didn’t get along with a customer? What did you do?
59. What role do you normally take on a team? Why?
60. Can you tell me about your most recent experience working with a team? What was your role? How did you interact with the other team members?
61. Can you talk about a time when team members disagreed with you? What did you do?
62. Can you describe a time when you tried to solve a dispute within the team? What was the result?
63. Was there ever a time when you were part of a team where the people didn’t get along? What happened? What did you do?
64. Can you talk about a time when your team members had to compromise? What was the result?
65. Can you describe a time when a team member wasn’t doing their work? What did you do?
66. Can you describe a time when you had to delegate work among a team? How did you decide who would do each task? Is there anything you would do differently?
67. Can you tell me about a time when you let your team down? What did you do? How did you react?
68. When you schedule out the work you need to do, how do you decide what to do first?
69. Can you tell me about a project you were in charge of? How did you organize the tasks and make sure everything got done?
70. Can you describe a time when you were part of multiple projects at the same time? How did you handle the workload?
71. When you have multiple requests from customers or co-workers, how do you prioritize them?
72. Can you tell me about a time when you were behind on a project? What did you do?
73. Can you describe a stressful work situation you experienced? How did you handle the situation?
74. What was your most stressful project? Why was it stressful? What did you do to manage the stress? How did the project turn out?
75. Can you tell me about a time when you saw a situation that could have become stressful? What did you do to prevent it?
76. Can you tell me about a time when you tried to reduce stress for a co-worker?
77. Can you tell me how you handled your transition between different jobs or positions in the past?
78. Can you describe a time when changes happened that you couldn’t control? How did you react?
79. Can you describe a time when you experienced rapid change? How did you handle the situation?
80. Can you tell me about a time when you changed the course of a project? How did you relay the changes to your team? Is there anything you wish you would have done differently?
81. Can you talk about a time when you had to adapt to a co-worker’s work style to finish a task? What did you do?
82. Can you think of a time when you weren’t comfortable with a change? What did you do?
83. Can you describe a time when a manager asked you to come up with a creative way to complete a project? What steps did you take?
84. Can you tell me about a problem you solved in a unique way? What happened?
85. Can you describe a project where none of the usual paths to completion worked? What did you do instead?
86. Can you talk about a time when you presented a creative idea to your co-workers.
87. Can you tell me about a time when your creative idea received resistance from co-workers? How did you react? How did you feel?
88. Can you tell me about a time when your creative idea failed? How did you feel? What would you do differently?
89. Can you describe a time when a co-worker or customer questioned your honesty? What did you do?
90. Can you tell me about a time when you followed a rule that you didn’t agree with? Why did you comply? How did you feel?
91. Can you talk about a time when it was difficult to be honest?
92. Was there ever a time when you weren’t honest at work? What happened?
93. Has there ever been a situation where you thought it was better to be dishonest? Why? What did you end up doing?
94. Can you tell me about a time when you found out that a co-worker was doing something wrong? What did you do?
95. Can you talk about a setback you had at work? What did you do?
96. Describe a time you faced a problem at work? What did you do? What would you do differently?
97. Can you tell me about a time you had to work under a lot of pressure? How did you handle the situation?
98. Can you describe a time that you faced a challenge at work? How did you feel? What steps did you take?
99. Was there ever a time you had to compete against co-workers? What were the results?
100. Can you tell me about a time when you made a mistake? What did you do? What did you learn from the situation? Was there anything you’d do differently?
In this blog I will show you how you can create this amazing illustration with the help of adobe illustration 
So let's begin.
1.You have adobe illustrator in your computer.To install adobe illustration just go do the following link and follow the instruction to install adobe illustrator successfully.
2.After adobe illustrator(AI) we will simply create a new illustrator file by clicking this button and choose any of the file ratio i'll select web-large for this project and click to create.here we go.Now we have our new project file.
3.If you don't have any prior knowledge about illustrator don't worry about it. this blog is for beginer also.So let me give you a brif introduction of illustrator tools you don't need to remember all of them just do what I am doing you will autometically memorize it later.

4.Let's create a rectangle by clicking this rectangle tools and drop a rectange.make it square like keyboard buttons.Make it small be selector tools and copy paste this button(square,rectangle) and create a keyboard like layout.Select All the button And Right click on your mouse button then click on group.
select the grouped element and click on Effect in the menu bar.Select 3d then rotation.make sure you have checked preview option.Rotate the keyboard at the same angle which is showing in the picture below.after rotating keyboard at right angle click ok.then click on Object from menu bar. and select Expend Appearance again go to Object and select Expend.
5.After Doing this Select the pen tools and right click on the corner of the keyboard showing in the picture and make the following shape.select the following shape hand right click and click arrange and send to back.Now our keyboard has been completed.
6.Now we will create screen just create two rectange and with the help of selection tools we will create round corner by clicking and holding right mouse button and moveing it to inside.
7.now select upper rectangle of screen and move it in to right position sshowing in the picture.and right click on it and select anrrage and send to back.that's it our illustrator has been completed now we have to fill color on it.you can fill your favourite color but I will fill the following colors with gradient.
8.You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.

You can download the following file by clicking the following link.
If you like this content please like and follow this blog if you have any query please  mail me on jinendrasahu11@gmail.com



In this blog I will show you how you can create this amazing illustration with the help of adobe illustration 
So let's begin.
1.You have adobe illustrator in your computer.To install adobe illustration just go do the following link and follow the instruction to install adobe illustrator successfully.
2.After adobe illustrator(AI) we will simply create a new illustrator file by clicking this button and choose any of the file ratio i'll select web-large for this project and click to create.here we go.Now we have our new project file.
3.If you don't have any prior knowledge about illustrator don't worry about it. this blog is for beginer also.So let me give you a brif introduction of illustrator tools you don't need to remember all of them just do what I am doing you will autometically memorize it later.

4.Create outline from the the picture I am using this one you can draw your own or you can download it from here.Next select the curvature tools and draw outline very carefully shown in the picture.
5.Press CTRL+A and select shape builder tool and Right Click and hold on the object and move to the objects which you want to merge.Do it for all the objects.
6.Now we will create shapes for shadow for that we will just copy pase and reposition the shapes like that.
7.That's all now we will fill the colors in all the shapes you can fill your own choice but for this tutorial you can follow me.You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.

You can download the following file by clicking the following link.
If you like this content please like and follow this blog if you have any query please  mail me on jinendrasahu11@gmail.com

In this blog I will show you how you can create this amazing illustration with the help of adobe illustration 
So let's begin.
1.You have adobe illustrator in your computer.To install adobe illustration just go do the following link and follow the instruction to install adobe illustrator successfully.
2.After adobe illustrator(AI) we will simply create a new illustrator file by clicking this button and choose any of the file ratio i'll select web-large for this project and click to create.here we go.Now we have our new project file.
3.If you don't have any prior knowledge about illustrator don't worry about it. this blog is for beginer also.So let me give you a brif introduction of illustrator tools you don't need to remember all of them just do what I am doing you will autometically memorize it later.

4.Drag and drop the following picture in the illustrator and select below icon from curvature tools and Right click and select ellipes tools.Create circle outline to the picture.Which is shown in the picture.

Right click on ellipes tools and select Line tools and draw outline of the box.If you can not create some shapes out of circle use Curvature tools.

5.Now Press CTRL+A and select Shape builder tools.If you want to mearge any shapes Right click and hold inside any of the shapes and move the cursure to the shapes.
If you want to Remove any shapes Right click and hold outside of the shapes and move the cursure to the shapes it will highligh in red color.

6.If you want to delete any shapes select that shape by selection tools and click Delete key.
7.  That's all now we will fill the colors in all the shapes you can fill your own choice but for this tutorial you can follow me.You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.
You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.


You can download the following file by clicking the following link.
If you like this content please like and follow this blog if you have any query please  mail me on jinendrasahu11@gmail.com



In this blog I will show you how you can create this amazing illustration with the help of adobe illustration 
So let's begin.
1.You have adobe illustrator in your computer.To install adobe illustration just go do the following link and follow the instruction to install adobe illustrator successfully.
2.After adobe illustrator(AI) we will simply create a new illustrator file by clicking this button and choose any of the file ratio i'll select web-large for this project and click to create.here we go.Now we have our new project file.
3.If you don't have any prior knowledge about illustrator don't worry about it. this blog is for beginer also.So let me give you a brif introduction of illustrator tools you don't need to remember all of them just do what I am doing you will autometically memorize it later.

4.Drag and drop the following picture in the illustrator and select Curvature tools and draw outlines from the following picture shown in another picture make sure in property section line stroke should be 1 or more to see the line at the end of the blog press CTRL+A and make stroke 0.
5.Select curves look like flowers and Select Width tools Right click on lines and make it wider like shown in the picture.Do this for all the curves after that it will look like this.
6.Now Press CTRL+A and select Shape builder tools.If you want to mearge any shapes Right click and hold inside any of the shapes and move the cursure to the shapes.
If you want to Remove any shapes Right click and hold outside of the shapes and move the cursure to the shapes it will highligh in red color.

7.  That's all now we will fill the colors in all the shapes you can fill your own choice but for this tutorial you can follow me.You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.
You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.


You can download the following file by clicking the following link.
If you like this content please like and follow this blog if you have any query please  mail me on jinendrasahu11@gmail.com


In this blog I will show you how you can create this amazing illustration with the help of adobe illustration 
So let's begin.
1.You have adobe illustrator in your computer.To install adobe illustration just go do the following link and follow the instruction to install adobe illustrator successfully.
2.After adobe illustrator(AI) we will simply create a new illustrator file by clicking this button and choose any of the file ratio i'll select web-large for this project and click to create.here we go.Now we have our new project file.
3.If you don't have any prior knowledge about illustrator don't worry about it. this blog is for beginer also.So let me give you a brif introduction of illustrator tools you don't need to remember all of them just do what I am doing you will autometically memorize it later.

4.Right click on rectangle tools and select ellipes tools and draw circles shown in the picture.Now Right click on ellipes tools and select line and draw two parallel lines.
5.Select curvature tools and draw fox's face.use curvature tools to draw back of the fox given in the picture.
6.Now Press CTRL+A and select Shape builder tools.If you want to mearge any shapes Right click and hold inside any of the shapes and move the cursure to the shapes.
If you want to Remove any shapes Right click and hold outside of the shapes and move the cursure to the shapes it will highligh in red color.
7.  That's all now we will fill the colors in all the shapes you can fill your own choice but for this tutorial you can follow me.You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.
You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.

In this blog I will show you how you can create this amazing illustration with the help of adobe illustration 
So let's begin.
1.You have adobe illustrator in your computer.To install adobe illustration just go do the following link and follow the instruction to install adobe illustrator successfully.
2.After adobe illustrator(AI) we will simply create a new illustrator file by clicking this button and choose any of the file ratio i'll select web-large for this project and click to create.here we go.Now we have our new project file.
3.If you don't have any prior knowledge about illustrator don't worry about it. this blog is for beginer also.So let me give you a brif introduction of illustrator tools you don't need to remember all of them just do what I am doing you will autometically memorize it later.

4.Right click on rectangle tools and select ellipes tools and draw circles shown in the picture.Now select curvature tools and make frogs fingure.After that choose text tooks and write any text and in the properties section you can change text properties like size,font etc.
5.Now Press CTRL+A and select Shape builder tools.If you want to mearge any shapes Right click and hold inside any of the shapes and move the cursure to the shapes.
If you want to Remove any shapes Right click and hold outside of the shapes and move the cursure to the shapes it will highligh in red color.
6.Now select frog's hands all elements and Left click and group it again right click and select arrange and send it to back.Choose it's color black to make it as shadow.Do this for text also.
7.  That's all now we will fill the colors in all the shapes you can fill your own choice but for this tutorial you can follow me.You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.
You can fill the color by selecting that object and clicking Gradient and selectng the color.

You can download the following file by clicking the following link.
If you like this content please like and follow this blog if you have any query please  mail me on jinendrasahu11@gmail.com
